htop: add `--delay` example (#10701)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/htop.md

`htop --sort {{sort_item}}`

> - Start `htop` with a delay between updates, in tenths of a second (i.e. 50 = 5 seconds):
> 
> `htop -d 50`

Reviewer: https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#option-syntax
```suggestion
- Start `htop` with the specified delay between updates, in tenths of a second (i.e. 50 = 5 seconds):

`htop --delay 50`
```
